getting-here.md, before:

# Getting Here

**Arrival time:** from 2.00pm onwards. 

**Departure time:** prior to 10.00am

?> If you require a late checkout, please let me know a few days prior to your departure. Based on the apartment's availability, we might be able to accommodate.

## Key Collection

There are various ways to collect the keys:

* If you are in Sydney, we can coordinate a key pickup a few days prior to your arrival.
* If you are arriving from somewhere else, the key will be available at my neighbors' place.


## Address

The house address is:

<a target="_blank" href="https://goo.gl/maps/Cnk4LWigzBD7j9LW7">47/22 Gadigal Avenue <br />
Zetland NSW 2017<br />47/22 Gadigal Avenue
Zetland NSW 2017
Australia
Australia</a>

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d3311.3824488421396!2d151.21010451521124!3d-33.90555518064609!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x6b12b159774d4fa3%3A0xdd00c4cb33a893c4!2s47%2F22%20Gadigal%20Ave%2C%20Zetland%20NSW%202017!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sau!4v1648638669254!5m2!1sen!2sau" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>

### Directions from Sydney Airport

#### Directions by Car/Taxi

<a target="_blank" href="https://goo.gl/maps/jTYWY29X9bs5gbB86">Click here to open Google Maps with Directions from Sydney Airport.</a>

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m28!1m12!1m3!1d26484.536849941094!2d151.170939455408!3d-33.92653940488535!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!4m13!3e0!4m5!1s0x6b12b0f11b3383db%3A0xafdf355d5a4b6577!2sSydney%20Airport%20(SYD)%2C%20Sydney%20NSW!3m2!1d-33.9500344!2d151.1819124!4m5!1s0x6b12b1ea24e13f3f%3A0x2a1d2f3beba96e6f!2s47%2F22%20Gadigal%20Ave%2C%20Darlinghurst%20NSW%202017!3m2!1d-33.9055552!2d151.2122932!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sau!4v1648638816032!5m2!1sen!2sau" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>

#### Directions by Train

<a target="_blank" href="https://goo.gl/maps/uRS1wYWhjn5gnkG16">Click here to open Google Maps with Directions from Sydney by train.</a>

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m28!1m12!1m3!1d26484.529729759586!2d151.187670805408!3d-33.926562304884946!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!4m13!3e3!4m5!1s0x6b12b0f11b3383db%3A0xafdf355d5a4b6577!2sSydney%20Airport%20(SYD)%2C%20Sydney%20NSW!3m2!1d-33.9500344!2d151.1819124!4m5!1s0x6b12b1ea24e13f3f%3A0x2a1d2f3beba96e6f!2s47%2F22%20Gadigal%20Ave%2C%20Darlinghurst%20NSW%202017!3m2!1d-33.9055552!2d151.2122932!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sau!4v1648638906051!5m2!1sen!2sau" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>

## Parking

There is plenty of free 4-hour parking around around the neighborhood

Commit message:

Added info on floor issue and fans

getting-here.md, after:

# Getting Here

**Arrival time:** from 2.00pm onwards. 

**Departure time:** prior to 10.00am

?> If you require a late checkout, please let me know a few days prior to your departure. Based on the apartment's availability, we might be able to accommodate.

## Key Collection

There are various ways to collect the keys:

* If you are in Sydney, we can coordinate a key pickup a few days prior to your arrival.
* If you are arriving from somewhere else, the key will be available at my neighbors' place.


## Address

The house address is:

<a target="_blank" href="https://goo.gl/maps/Cnk4LWigzBD7j9LW7">47/22 Gadigal Avenue <br />
Zetland NSW 2017<br />Australia</a>

Using the FOB, come in through the glass doors an and make your way to the lifts.

Come up to the **ninth** floor and enter unit 47.

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d3311.3824488421396!2d151.21010451521124!3d-33.90555518064609!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x6b12b159774d4fa3%3A0xdd00c4cb33a893c4!2s47%2F22%20Gadigal%20Ave%2C%20Zetland%20NSW%202017!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sau!4v1648638669254!5m2!1sen!2sau" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>

### Directions from Sydney Airport

#### Directions by Car/Taxi

<a target="_blank" href="https://goo.gl/maps/jTYWY29X9bs5gbB86">Click here to open Google Maps with Directions from Sydney Airport.</a>

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m28!1m12!1m3!1d26484.536849941094!2d151.170939455408!3d-33.92653940488535!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!4m13!3e0!4m5!1s0x6b12b0f11b3383db%3A0xafdf355d5a4b6577!2sSydney%20Airport%20(SYD)%2C%20Sydney%20NSW!3m2!1d-33.9500344!2d151.1819124!4m5!1s0x6b12b1ea24e13f3f%3A0x2a1d2f3beba96e6f!2s47%2F22%20Gadigal%20Ave%2C%20Darlinghurst%20NSW%202017!3m2!1d-33.9055552!2d151.2122932!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sau!4v1648638816032!5m2!1sen!2sau" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>

#### Directions by Train

<a target="_blank" href="https://goo.gl/maps/uRS1wYWhjn5gnkG16">Click here to open Google Maps with Directions from Sydney by train.</a>

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m28!1m12!1m3!1d26484.529729759586!2d151.187670805408!3d-33.926562304884946!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!4m13!3e3!4m5!1s0x6b12b0f11b3383db%3A0xafdf355d5a4b6577!2sSydney%20Airport%20(SYD)%2C%20Sydney%20NSW!3m2!1d-33.9500344!2d151.1819124!4m5!1s0x6b12b1ea24e13f3f%3A0x2a1d2f3beba96e6f!2s47%2F22%20Gadigal%20Ave%2C%20Darlinghurst%20NSW%202017!3m2!1d-33.9055552!2d151.2122932!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sau!4v1648638906051!5m2!1sen!2sau" width="600" height="450" style="border:0;" allowfullscreen="" loading="lazy" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade"></iframe>

## Parking

There is plenty of free 4-hour parking around around the neighborhood
